README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://next.gatsbyjs.org">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://www.gatsbyjs.org/monogram.svg" width="60" />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  Gatsby's starter with Bulma, Bloomer, Netlify
</h1>

## :fire: Features

- Based on [gatsby-starter-default](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-default)
- Sass preprocessor (with [gatsby-plugin-sass](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/packages/gatsby-plugin-sass))
- Supports Gatsby-image
- [Bulma CSS Framework](https://bulma.io/)
- [Bloomer](https://bloomer.js.org)
- [gatsby-plugin-netlify-cache](https://github.com/axe312ger/gatsby-plugin-netlify-cache)
- [gatsby-plugin-netlify](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/packages/gatsby-plugin-netlify)
- [gatsby-plugin-catch-links](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/packages/gatsby-plugin-catch-links)

## :rocket: Dev environment

Run it by :

```sh
gatsby develop
```

## :dizzy: Deploy

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/thnukid/gatsby-starter-netlify-pwa)

Commit message:

adds information on how to use as a starter template

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://next.gatsbyjs.org">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://www.gatsbyjs.org/monogram.svg" width="60" />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  Gatsby's starter with Bulma, Bloomer, Netlify
</h1>

## :fire: Features

- Based on [gatsby-starter-default](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-default)
- Sass preprocessor (with [gatsby-plugin-sass](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/packages/gatsby-plugin-sass))
- Supports Gatsby-image
- Shows an alert box, when a service worker is outdated and refreshes the app
- [Bulma CSS Framework](https://bulma.io/)
- [Bloomer](https://bloomer.js.org)
- [gatsby-plugin-netlify-cache](https://github.com/axe312ger/gatsby-plugin-netlify-cache)
- [gatsby-plugin-netlify](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/packages/gatsby-plugin-netlify)
- [gatsby-plugin-catch-links](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/packages/gatsby-plugin-catch-links)

## :rocket: Dev environment

Run it by:

```sh
yarn develop
```

Using as a starter template:

```sh
gatsby new my-new-project https://github.com/thnukid/gatsby-starter-netlify-pwa
```

## :dizzy: Deploy

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/thnukid/gatsby-starter-netlify-pwa)
